[Doc] Improve documentation of disabling annotations in pure mode (#5080)
cython/cython: docs/src/tutorial/pure.rst

There is currently no way to express the visibility of object attributes.

Disabling annotations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To avoid conflicts with other kinds of annotation

> usages, reading of annotation by Cython can be disabled with the ``@cython.annotation_typing(False)`` decorator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usages, Cython's use of annotations to specify types can be disabled with the
``annotation_typing`` compiler directive<compiler-directives>. From Cython 3
you can use this as a decorator, as shown in the following example:
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/tutorial/pure/disabled_annotations.py

> Another way to disable annotations is by using :ref:`compiler directive<compiler-directives>` ``annotation_typing=False``::
> 
>     cython -X annotation_typing=False ignored_annotations.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
